Fix english typos and grammar in documentation (#645)
MicrosoftDocs/CloudAppSecurityDocs: CloudAppSecurityDocs/activity-filters-queries.md

- Location – The country/region from which the activity was performed.

- Matched Policy – Search for activities that matched a specific policy that was set in the portal.

- Registered ISP – The ISP from which the activity was performed.

- Source - Search by the source from which the activity was detected. The source can be any of the following:
  - App connector - logs coming directly from the app's API connector.
  - App connector analysis - Defender for Cloud Apps enrichments based on information scanned by the API connector.

- User – The user who performed the activity, which can be filtered into domain, group, name, or organization. In order to filter activities with no specific user, you can use the 'is not set' operator.
  - User domain - Search for a specific user domain.
  - User organization – The organizational unit of the user who performed the activity, for example, all activities performed by EMEA_marketing users. This is only relevant for connected Google Workspace instances using organizational units.
  - User group – Specific user groups that you can import from connected apps, for example, Office 365 administrators.

>   - User name - Search for a specific username. To see a list of users in a specific user group, in the **Activity drawer**, select the name of the user group. Clicking will take you to the Accounts page, that lists all the users in the group. From there, you can drill down into the details of the accounts of specific users in the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - User name - Search for a specific username. To see a list of users in a specific user group, in the **Activity drawer**, select the name of the user group. Clicking will take you to the Accounts page, which lists all the users in the group. From there, you can drill down into the details of the accounts of specific users in the group.
```

   ![open query.](media/select-activity-query.png)

Defender for Cloud Apps also provides you with **Suggested queries**. Suggested queries provide you with recommended avenues of investigation that filter your activities. You can edit these queries and save them as custom queries. The following are optional suggested queries:

- Admin activities - filters all your activities to display only those activities that involve admins.

- Download activities - filters all your activities to display only those activities that were download activities, including downloading user list as a .csv file, downloading shared content, and downloading a folder.

> - Failed log-in - filters all your activities to display only failed logons and failed signs in via SSO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Failed log-in - filters all your activities to display only failed log-ins and failed sign-ins via SSO
```
